Explain minimal host /2 (#28979)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/middleware/index.md

The following highlighted code in `Program.cs` adds security-related middleware components in the typical recommended order:

[!code-csharp[](index/snapshot/Program70All3.cs?highlight=19-44)]

In the preceding code:

* Middleware that is not added when creating a new web app with [individual users accounts](xref:security/authentication/identity) is commented out.
* Not every middleware appears in this exact order, but many do. For example:
  * `UseCors`, `UseAuthentication`, and `UseAuthorization` must appear in the order shown.
  * `UseCors` currently must appear before `UseResponseCaching`. This requirement is explained in [GitHub issue dotnet/aspnetcore #23218](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/23218).

>   * `UseRequestLocalization` must appear before any middleware that might check the request culture, for example, `app.UseMvcWithDefaultRoute`.

Reviewer: nit: `UseMvcWithDefaultRoute` is a very old API that has been replaced with endpoint routing. I think a more relevant example is needed.

Sorry, I don't know what middleware uses request culture off the top of my head.

>   * `UseRequestLocalization` must appear before any middleware that might check the request culture, for example, <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Localization.RequestLocalizationMiddleware> or a custom middleware that checks request culture..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `UseRequestLocalization` must appear before any middleware that might check the request culture, for example, `app.UseStaticFiles()`.
```
I looked around and static files is an example of middleware that uses request culture.

>   * <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.RateLimiterApplicationBuilderExtensions.UseRateLimiter%2A> must be called after `UseRouting`.

Reviewer: @BrennanConroy There are analyzers for checking middleware is registered in the right order. Have they been updated or tested with recent changes?

Reviewer 2: UseRateLimiter only needs to be called after UseRouting if you use endpoint specific APIs, e.g. `EnableRateLimitingAttribute`.

If you use just the global limiter then it can run before UseRouting.

* Not every middleware appears in this exact order, but many do. For example:
  * `UseCors`, `UseAuthentication`, and `UseAuthorization` must appear in the order shown.
  * `UseCors` currently must appear before `UseResponseCaching`. This requirement is explained in [GitHub issue dotnet/aspnetcore #23218](https://github.com/dotnet/aspnetcore/issues/23218).

>   * `UseRequestLocalization` must appear before any middleware that might check the request culture, for example, `app.MapControllerRoute`.

Reviewer: MapControllerRoute isn't middleware. It configures routing.

UseRouting could certainly execute endpoints that use localization. It could be used as an example, but minimal host usually automatically adds it for you.

Author: > MapControllerRoute isn't middleware. It configures routing.

Arg, either is `UseMvcWithDefaultRoute`, and it's not an old API either.

Reviewer: `UseMvcWithDefaultRoute` is registering middleware.

It hasn't been obsoleted, but `MapDefaultControllerRoute` is the replacement that people should be using.
